4-bit pte scheme to support all states of existing revoker software (#933)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-priv-integration.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {pte_cap_rw_name} bit indicates whether reading or writing capabilities with the {ctag} set to the virtual page is permitted.
```

Reviewer: Reword mention of CRW here.

> If the CRW bit is clear then, in priority order for AMOs:

Reviewer: I believe we need to rename CRW

```suggestion
If the {pte_cap_rw_name} bit is clear then, in priority order for AMOs:
```
